# Playtesting Log

# Playtest Report Survey

## Basic Info

First playtest with Random results

- Num. Players: 3
Clay: Warrior, Cleric
John: Rogue
Cole: Wizard

## General Observations

- should order within turns be set at start of encounter or round by round? (Start of Encounter)
- tracking random numbers seems bad
- Am I allowed to mulligan? (Maybe some cost to mulligan or other recovery mechanic)
- Stats as part of the character, AGI 3 = base agility plus 1 of top 3
- remove draw a card from second wind
- where should stats be on the cards?
- attack + draw a card seems bad (Kidney Punch)
- how to deal with 20 cards in hand but none in deck? (Hand Size Limit, bottom extras)
- Stunlock probably too good, but is the only way to beat the boss (currently)

## Needs more testing


## What Worked?

Cole
- Cards as randomness
- Cards are both the things you do but also how you do them
- Cards enable easy custom content
- Planning is possible, but imperfect
Clay
- Randomness felt good
- Even / Odd inititiative was good

## What Didn't Work?

Cole
- Rank system felt unintuitive
- templating is very messy
John
- Rank system limits control card options
Clay
- Always flipping 3 felt repetetive, broader range could be helpful.
- Cards as characters and enemies doesn't work as well as we thought. It reveals info only the DM needs
- Solving for tied initiative every turn was bad
- DR is Boring, and requires math

## Ideas

- Enemy control effects that motivate choices other than "the biggest number" for picking the card from the flip
- Trinket text for choosing a card for an attack or a skill check
- Character sheets for the next encounter
- Feats as cards?
- Secondary resources having breakpoints (feat related?)
- Secondary resources should feel distinct
- "Cost" for cards should go up per copy?
- "XP" being a physical resource used to purchace things from guilds
- Resistance throws based on stats?
- Primary, secondary, tertiary for abilities attached to stats
- Dungeon as a deck that doesn't require a DM
- Armor with rolled DR per damage type for players
- Test penetration as an Armor mechanic
- Draw step options (sleight of hand, draw 2 discard/bottom 1) ?